According to reliable information from this station
The sect master of Canglong Sect will soon bring his holy son Ye Wuji
Go to Yunxiao Sect
Discuss with Yunxiao Sect
Resolve Ye Wuji's divorce ceremony
Related hot times continue to top the chart
Yunxiao Sect has not responded yet.
Hey, did you hear about that?
Hey, who doesn't know about this now? Have you heard?
Did you hear?
Did you watch today's weekend news?
good guy
Who doesn't know in the entire academic world now?
Hey, 30 years in Hedong, 30 years in Hexi
Don't bully the young people and be poor.
Who said no?
Now the outside world is scolding us badly in marketing
Actually, I think he's pretty miserable about you
I also think this is going a bit too far
Yes, who can stand being broken off by the door?
He rose up after the divorce
Now I'm talking about business helplessness outside
Want me to say
Go fast
Sovereign
This matter is clearly Lin Xiyue's own initiative
Why don't you just let him solve it himself?
If it gets dirty, what you said is wrong.
Xiyue is my saint in the sky
Do as you say
Can the middle door still have pictographic power?
Old Pifeng, you know this divorce incident
How much did Zongmen's stock fall?
Old thing, who do you call old man?
Say it again if you have the ability.
Enough said
Freeland Gate hasn't come to the door yet
What are you arguing about here?
Sovereign elders
Let Xiyue handle this matter
Let the freesia bring business money
Didn't he just want to say something?
The principle of the Mind Cultivation World is very simple
One horizontal and one vertical is just a fight
The one standing there is right about everything.
Ridiculous. What if you lose?
Have you ever considered
It will bring greater losses to the middle door.
Ye Wuji can't beat me